select existing article status if any, in Getting Started Guide -- Fixes #45028 (mostly) (#49010)
rails/rails: guides/source/getting_started.md

<%= link_to "New Article", new_article_path %>
```

> To finish up, we will add a select box to the forms, and let the user select the status when they create a new article or post a new comment. We can also specify the default status as `public`. One problem with simply selecting a default status, though, is that some articles may have already been created with a different status, or none at all (`nil`). Those will show up as `public` in the `edit` form. To solve this, in the article version, we can select the existing status, but if there is none yet, _then_ we select `public`, though this will only become true if the form is submitted. In `app/views/articles/_form.html.erb`, we can add:

Reviewer: I think we are explaining too much now. We can change this to:

```suggestion
To finish up, we will add a select box to the forms, and let the user select the status when they create or edit a new article or post a new comment. We can also specify the selected value to the status of the object, or 'public' if it isn't set. In `app/views/articles/_form.html.erb`, we can add:
```

Author: LGTM, except that "specify the selected value to the status of the object" seems a bit odd phrasing.  How about: "We can also select the status of the object, or a default of 'public' if it hasn't been set yet."

Reviewer: That is better.
